A beautiful woman delights the eye; a wise woman, the understanding; a pure one, the soul. Minna Antrim
Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor. Sholom Aleichem
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future. George Bernard Shaw
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something. Plato
A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool. William Shakespeare
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise. Benjamin Franklin
True love is not a strong, fiery, impetuous passion. It is, on the contrary, an element calm and deep. It looks beyond mere externals, and is attracted by qualities alone. It is wise and discriminating, and its devotion is real and abiding. Ellen G. White
I have no faith in human perfectability. I think that human exertion will have no appreciable effect upon humanity. Man is now only more active - not more happy - nor more wise, than he was 6000 years ago. Edgar Allan Poe
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook. William James
The wise man doesn't give the right answers, he poses the right questions. Claude Levi-Strauss
The foolish man conceives the idea of 'self.' The wise man sees there is no ground on which to build the idea of 'self;' thus, he has a right conception of the world and well concludes that all compounds amassed by sorrow will be dissolved again, but the truth will remain. Buddha
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own. Lao Tzu
At times it is folly to hasten at other times, to delay. The wise do everything in its proper time. Ovid
Do not reveal what you have thought upon doing, but by wise council keep it secret being determined to carry it into execution. Chanakya
A wise system of education will at last teach us how little man yet knows, how much he has still to learn. John Lubbock
The punishment which the wise suffer who refuse to take part in the government, is to live under the government of worse men. Plato
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. –Albert Einstein
“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.” ― Albert Einstein
“There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.” ― Albert Einstein
“Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.”-Albert Einstein
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” -Albert Einstein
“Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.”-Albert Einstein
“A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it.” -Albert Einstein
“Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.” -Albert Einstein
“If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?” -Albert Einstein
“I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.” -Albert Einstein
“The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.” -Albert Einstein



